Here I come!
Damn it!
Ha?!
I'm in a pinch!
I won't give in!
Almost there!
Ma'am!
Give me a croquette sandwich and a custard pastry!
Yes, that's two hundred ninety yen.
You're so quick, Kaname.
Well, I'm not getting stuck with leftover plain rolls.
Hey, Sousuke!
Are you here to get bread too?
I'm completely out of jerky and vegetables.
Though... gazing from that crowd.
What do you mean?
It's not like you to give up.
But if you don't move, they're all gonna sell out!
Well, that's no good.
And order in a loud commanding voice.
Put some spirit into it!
Understood.
Spirit.
I demand a plain roll!
Why plain?!
So, please cooperate and bring out the plain rolls.
Or else I'll shoot.
They say they're gonna need two weeks.
Two whole weeks...
Are you sure?
They say their injuries are not very serious, but...
But the bakers that sustained these injuries intend to postpone their on-site sales in the meantime.
Most likely as means of indirect protest.
We have a serious food crisis on our hands.
The one hundred twenty students who depend on baked goods sold on-site will starve.
The results are all too clear.
Riots and pillaging, moral decay.
Order within the school will surely plummet.
Therefore, after a consultation with the principal, it was decided that the student council will procure food and sell it for now.
So, we must appoint a manager to oversee this project.
Principal! I can't accept this! No way!
I don't call this idea of leaving everything up to the students respecting their autonomy!
It's nothing more than unchecked anarchy!
And what would be the harm in it, Mr. Kogure?
All the students are doing is selling lunches.
Do I have to remind you that the students are the ones who caused this mess!
Yet, despite this, you're intend on letting them, the instigators, sell food and drinks?!
It's merely like an extension of the school festival.
So it's nothing to get all pain out of shape over now, is it?
But...!
Oh man, why do WE have to do this?
It's simple. Because in light of the circumstances behind this incident, it is undeniably our duty.
I guess that's tru...
Wait a sec! This is all your fault, Sousuke!
Grrr... What a waste! Huh?
Ugh!
Well, well, if it isn't Sagara. You're looking quite well today.
You don't look anything at all like someone who's just sent somebody to the hospital.
I'm flattered to hear that, sir.
Well, don't be! Ok, listen up, Sagara!
I can't stand letting blooding-noodle students like you and Hayashimizu have their own way!
I can't go against the Principal, but mark my words. I'll put my own special brain to pressure on you and your little cohort, you got that?!
Roger, understood.
Grrr... Oh, a wise guy, eh? Well, just you wait!
Yes sir! I'll be waiting, sir!
I wonder if he hasn't been getting enough vitamins or something? Though he is the health teacher.
Uh-uh. What you witnessed was simply Mr. Kogure carrying out his duty as a drill instructor.
You worthless piece of trash! I'll shove a...
That burst of rage is what is expected from a pro.